Parental divorce is
a life-changing event
that can require families
to make big adjustments.
Both parents and children
can struggle to settle
into new circumstances, and
many factors can affect how well
families navigate
the transition.
How much conflict is there
between parents after
the divorce?
How important is it that
the child spend time
with each parent, and how much
time is the right amount now
that there are two households?
Do other changes,
like moving homes
or changing schools,
affect children?
Review the research that can
be applied to this case under
"Consult the Research"
and then dig deeper
into the Mason family's
current circumstances while you
"Investigate the Evidence".
After you've gathered all the
information, make a decision
about what you think the
best course of action is
for the Masons, giving
a rationale
for your thinking process.